BEA Systems, Inc.
Binary License Agreement
JSR-173


1. License to Use. BEA Systems, Inc. ("BEA") grants you a non-exclusive and
non-transferable license for the internal use only of the accompanying software
and documentation provided by BEA for the Streaming API for XML ( the
"Software"), including, but not limited to the right to reproduce and use the
Software internally for the purpose of testing an implementation of the JSR-173
specification.

2.  Restrictions. the Software is confidential to BEA and protected by Copyright
and other bodies of law protecting intellectual property rights. Title to the
Software and all associated intellectual property rights is retained by BEA
and/or its licensors. Except as specifically authorized in Section 1, above, you
may not make copies of the Software. Unless enforcement is prohibited by
applicable law, you may not modify, decompile, or reverse engineer the Software.
No right, title or interest in or to any trademark, service mark, logo or trade
name of BEA or its licensors is granted under this Agreement.  the Software is
not designed, licensed or intended for use in the design, construction,
operation or maintenance of any nuclear facility, nor may you use it for such
purposes.

3.  DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTY. THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED “AS IS,” WITHOUT WARRANTY. 
ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, CONDITIONS, AND REPRESENTATIONS, INCLUDING
ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR
NON-INFRINGEMENT ARE DISCLAIMED.

4.  Limitation of Liability. In no event will BEA or its Licensors be liable for
any lost revenue, profits or data, or for special, incidental, consequential or
other indirect damages, or for punitive damages, however caused, regardless of
the theory of liability, arising out of or related to the Software or this
Agreement, even if BEA has been advised of the possibility of such loss. In no
event will BEA's liability to you, whether in contract, tort (including
negligence), or otherwise, exceed the amount paid by you for the Software
hereunder.

5.  Termination; No Obligation to Support. This Agreement is effective until
terminated. You may terminate this Agreement at any time by destroying all
copies of the Software. Either party may terminate this Agreement immediately
should the Software become, or in either party's opinion be likely to become,
the subject of a claim of infringement of any intellectual property right. This
Agreement will terminate immediately without notice from BEA if you fail to
comply with any provision of this Agreement. Upon Termination, you must destroy
all copies of the Software. BEA may at any time discontinue offering the
Software or any particular version thereof.  BEA shall have no obligation to
provide support, updates, patches, bug fixes or other enhancements for the
Software or any particular version thereof.

6.  Export Regulations. the Software is subject to US export control laws and
may be subject to export or import regulations in other countries. You agree to
comply strictly with all such laws and regulations and acknowledge that you have
the responsibility to obtain such licenses to export, re-export, or import as
may be required after delivery to you.

7.  U.S. Government Restricted Rights. If the Software is being acquired by or
on behalf of the U.S. Government or by a U.S. Government contractor, then the
Government's rights in the Software and accompanying documentation shall be only
as set forth in this Agreement in accordance with 48 C.F.R. 227.7202-4 (for
Department of Defense (DOD) acquisitions) and with 48 C.F.R. 2.101 and 12.212
(for non-DOD acquisitions).

8.  Governing Law. Any action related to this Agreement will be governed by the
laws of the state of California. Any legal action in any way arising out of or
related to the Software or this Agreement may be brought exclusively in the
state of federal courts located in San Jose, California.  By accepting this
Agreement, you are consenting to the exclusive jurisdiction of these courts.

9.  Severability. If any provision of this Agreement is held to be unlawful or
unenforceable, or otherwise invalid, this Agreement will remain in effect with
the invalid provisions omitted, unless omission would frustrate the intent of
the parties, in which case this Agreement will immediately terminate.

10.  Complete Agreement. This Agreement is the entire agreement between you and
BEA relating to the subject matter hereof. It supersedes all prior or
contemporaneous oral or written communications, proposals, representations and
warranties and prevails over any conflicting or additional terms of any quote,
order, acknowledgment, or other communication between the parties relating to
its subject matter. No modification of this Agreement will be binding, unless in
writing and signed by an authorized representative of each party.